d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.DataAccess.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.DataAccess.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.ContractMessages.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.Domain.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Wcf.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Couchbase.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Web.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Enyim.Caching.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.ContractMessages.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.Domain.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\BTL.Infrastructure.pdb
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Couchbase.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\bin\Debug\Enyim.Caching.xml
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\obj\Debug\BTL.DataAccess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\obj\Debug\BTL.DataAccess.dll
d:\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Samples\Best Practices for A1\BTL.DataAccess\obj\Debug\BTL.DataAccess.pdb
